README for CS-383 HW3:

1)  Figure for Question 1 Part 2 is generated by Q1.m and saved as
    Q1.fig. When running matlab code on tux, use this command "run Q1.m"

2)  In this section we want to visualize the gradient descent process on
    the function J = (x1 + x2 − 2)\^2. You should have already derived
    (pun?) the gradient of this function in the theory section. To
    bootstrap the process, initialize x1 = 0, x2 = 0 and terminate the
    process when the change in the J from one iteration to another is
    less that 2−32. In addition, we’ll use a learning rate of η = 0.1.
    Figure for Question 2 is generated by Q2.m and saved as Q2.fig. When
    running matlab code on tux, use this command "run Q2.m"

3)  Write a script that: -\> Reads in the data, ignoring the first row
    (header) and first column (index). -\> Randomizes the data -\>
    Selects the first 2/3 (round up) of the data for training and the
    remaining for testing -\> Computes the closed-form solution of
    linear regression -\> Applies the solution to the testing samples
    -\> Computes the root mean squared error (RMSE):

Code for Question 3 and Question 4 is presented in Q3.m and Q4.m
respectively and for running them use this command "run Q3.m" and "run
Q4.m"

4)  Cross-Validation is a technique used to get reliable evaluation
    results when we don’t have that much data (and it is therefore
    difficult to train and/or test a model reliably).

In this section you will do S-Folds Cross-Validation for a few different
values of S. For each run you will divide your data up into S parts
(folds) and test S different models using S-Folds Cross-Validation and
evaluate via root mean squared error. In addition, to observe the affect
of system variance, we will repeat these experiments several times
(shuffling the data each time prior to creating the folds). We will
again be doing our experiment on the provided fish dataset to predict
the age of a fish

In Q4.m, comments are written in a place for replacing N values like 2,
4, 22, 44.

5)  Pdf is attached as a report for all the questions.

